well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so we're gonna talk about kids
content on YouTube again because it is
still a major issue that's being
discussed if you're not familiar with
the fallout what's happened the FTC has
decided to start strictly enforcing a
1998 obsolete law about childhood
privacy the end result of this is going
to be no more targeted ads for kids that
means that the rate that creators are
going to get paid but where that kind of
content is gonna drop this is an issue
because that kind of content is
expensive to make if you look at the
most popular kids YouTube channels
there's a lot of visual effects there's
a lot of sound effects there's a lot of
travel and shooting on location there is
a lot of unboxing of toys all of this
stuff costs money
now the panic that happened the FTC has
released another clarification and yeah
go read it yourself if you have one of
those elements that they said could mean
that your content is kid directed
they're not talking about you they don't
care about you they care about content
aimed at kids does that mean the law is
good no of course not it needs to go
away and the fact is if the major kid
content creators decided tomorrow that
they were going to give a civics lesson
to their viewers and say hey it's blippi
and this is how the american government
works and if you don't get your parents
to get involved in this process
i'm gonna go away you need to tell your
parents is calling it wrapping your
senator and get rid of this law that
could happen probably not going through
though when it comes to the government a
lot of people have succumb to learned
helplessness where they just don't think
they can do anything these creators when
you add up the major creators you were
talking about millions upon millions of
subscribe
they can influence change but they're
probably not going to which means a lot
of them are probably going to go off the
air now I know this sounds weird but
what that means is that right now is the
time to start a kids content YouTube
channel they're gonna go off the air
because their format requires a lot of
money if you come up with a low overhead
method of developing kids content you're
still gonna make money YouTube is a
profit-driven machine they won't find a
way to make money off of your content
which means you don't get a cut is it
gonna be the same rates that people were
making last year no but if your kids
content with storytime our teaching
children with stories that have morals
you could probably make some money
because you don't need a lot of what
overhead to do it
think more Mister Rogers instead of
cartoons more importantly the reason I'm
talking about on this channel is because
this is a vehicle for societal change it
could be done if you have that
appearance or that voice that would have
pilled the children you want to get
involved this is something you can do
not just we be able to do it it'll be
self-sustaining and it can have a
massive impact if you get an audience of
children and you're discussing themes
about bettering the world buried in
stories you will be looking seven
generations ahead you will be shaping
the world with a youtube channel it can
be done and if you're worrying about
coming up with content understand if
you're doing something like this feel
free to straight up or rip off my
contact I don't care
literally do not care you are more than
welcome to do it if you can find a way
to reframe the content on this channel
and make it kid-friendly I fully support
that if I didn't look the way I do
and sound the way I do I would be doing
it I think for those people that want a
vehicle for societal change the driver's
seat and the driver's door just opened
the driver's door just open all you got
to do is climb in a start driving you
can really get somewhere with this
because for a lot of the people that are
out there today that have antiquated
views they're in large part they're
being raised by content like this you
can literally raise the children that
don't have the influence from the
parents they need that this is something
that should really be looked at if this
is something that you're interested in
if you have this kind of background you
can do this and you can find a way to
appeal to children without the massive
expenditures not just do I think you'll
make money I think you can create a
better world with a camera and a YouTube
channel anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good day